1. Can we write public static void main() in any order ?
	NO, not in any order, but
	YES, we can change the order of public static void main() to static public void main() in Java, the compiler doesn't throw any compile-time or runtime error. 
	In Java, we can declare access modifiers in any order, the method name comes last, the return type comes second to last and then after it's our choice.

2. How to overload and override main method in Java?
	OVERLOAD : similar to -- public static void main(String[] args)
	We can pass differen types of arguments as below.
	
	public static void main(int args)
	public static void main(char args)
	public static void main(Double[] args)
	
	Yes, We can overload the main method in java but JVM only calls the original main method, it will never call our overloaded main method.
	So, to execute overloaded methods of main, we must call them from the original main method.
	
	OVERRIDE : 	No, we cannot override main method of java because a static method cannot be overridden.

3. Why Java Interfaces Cannot Have Constructor But Abstract Classes Can Have?
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/why-java-interfaces-cannot-have-constructor-but-abstract-classes-can-have/?ref=rp
4. Why a Constructor can not be final, static or abstract in Java?
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/why-a-constructor-can-not-be-final-static-or-abstract-in-java/?ref=rp
5. When do we use Abstract classes and when the Interface ?
6. Can we run Java program without main method ?
	-- YES until jdk 6
	-- NO, from jdk 7 and above & gives NoSuchMethodError
	
	
7. What is Static keyword in Java ?
	The static keyword in Java is used for memory management mainly. 
	We can apply static keyword with variables, methods, blocks and nested classes. 
	The static keyword belongs to the class than an instance of the class.
8. What is Immutable class ?
		Immutable class in java means that once an object is created, we cannot change its content

	Give examples of immutable class ?
		Ex: In Java, all the wrapper classes (like Integer, Boolean, Byte, Short) and String class is immutable.
	
	How can we create a custom immutable class ? 
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/create-immutable-class-java/#:~:text=Immutable%20class%20in%20java%20means,and%20String%20class%20is%20immutable.
		Ans: 	1. The class must be declared as final so that child classes can’t be created.
				2. Data members(fields and methods) in the class must be declared private so that direct access is not allowed.
				3. Data members in the class must be declared as final so that we can’t change the value of it after object creation.
				4. A parameterized constructor should initialize all the fields performing a deep copy so that data members can’t be modified with an object reference.
				5. Deep Copy of objects should be performed in the getter methods to return a copy rather than returning the actual object reference)
				
				Note: There should be no setters or in simpler terms, there should be no option to change the value of the instance variable.
9. Why we have Wrapper classes, when we already have primitives ?
10. WAP to find the duplicates in a list.
	WAP to find the occurences of characters in a string & string in a String with multiple words
	WAP to find the first repeated char in a string
	
	Sol: find in package com.learning.java8.java8e2e.newFeatures